# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 9

**Meeting Date:** 2020.11.17 10:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk) (Sick & self isolating)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:
10:00  
Proofs  
Then experiements  
Then little Feedback  

Proofs  
Let N(s) be the constructed petri net... and phi be the formula constructed above
S has a solution iff N(s) satisfies control: AG phi.

Corollary 1: from a given controller strategy we can construct an update sequence.

Explicitly point out from a winning strategy we can construct a correct update sequence. Proof by construction.

Just do it. - Jiri.  
Initial marking on paper for controller. (maybe obvious?)  

Remind Jiri to poke Peter about outputting the controller strategies in Tapaal.

suppose omega = e1, e2, .... ek is a correct update sequence. Now we want to show there is a player one strategy.
Define the winning strategy. Define sigma.

Loop Free - 2 cases - If we never inject we are safe,
when we inject the packet given (prefix of update sequence) assume the update sequence is correct there won't be a loop so visited won't be greater than 1 (< 2). It will never visit the same router twice.

P = reach(u,v)
There is no deadlock becasue the environment can inject a packet
If the packet is injected (every prefix of omega) preserves the reachability. Important we mention outbound transitions from v are removed.

P = Waypoint(u,v,w) Implication if we get to the final node, we will have visited w. Packet not injected is fine because final. 


## Summary:

### Next Meetings:
2020.11.26 10:00
2020.12.03 10:00
