# Meeting Notes

Group Meeting 2

**Meeting Date:** 2020.09.21 12:15 ~

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk) (Virtually)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk) (Virtually)
* [Federik Brun√∏ Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk) (Virtually)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

Stand Up:
Martin - Reading material worked on the TAPAAL Exercises from Jiri.
Frederik - Reading material
Shahab - Worked with Jonathan to make a work paper for formal definition.
Jonathan - worked With Shahab, started on the exercises, solved on the first one.
Andrei - TAPAAL Exercises
Sangey - TAPAAL Exercises

Has the goal been met from previous meeting.

No problematic absences.

Jonathan - reminds us Jiri wanted us to have a definition done and our solutions to the
TAPAAL exercises.

Martin - Suggests doing the harder TAPAAL exercises as a group.

Come together on Wednesday as a group to do the TAPAAL exercises.

Task Delegation:
Same as last meeting Works papers and collective activity - TAPAAL exercises.

Update the Calendar.

Discuss how we feel where we are currently in the project.
Generally feel good about where we are. Made decent progress so far.

## Summary:
Continue familiarising ourselves with the papers / TAPAAL.
As a group do the TAPAAL exercises and agree to collaborate on our group solution.
Refine the mathematical definition for network semantics. 

### Next Meeting:
2020.09.28
