# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 6

**Meeting Date:** 2020.10.23 10:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

10:00  
Jiri is happy everyone is here.  

A part was missing from the document. (AG, AF)

What do you want to put emphasis on? (The update synthesis problem)

Related works - introduce the update synthesis problem - giving examples. We want to introduce how we use petri nets to solve the problem.

Remark should come before the example. (logic - if you need to know A before B, introduce A first.)

Names can be too long for showing the marking, easier to use P1. P_1 + 3P_2 + 2P_3. - Would like to keep it as a flavour of networks - from Jiri. (Maybe change it later if extra time).

P_g, PG is not representing the tuples, N(n).

He likes the update synthesis part - nice and tidy.
A path pi under a routing a R. We cannot always assume the same symbol is the same reference.  
Capitalisation - stuff.
Mathmatical - use \mathItalic
Fonts should match the example and figures.

Reachability we need to change our use of the word "Whenever", it should always contain the v'

Update synthesis problem.

Talk about one time update for every update. Only one time update not switching back. Given Routing - Initial Routing.

Definition for Update Synthesis - Too wordy, need it to slimmer.
Input - Network, Routing before, Routing After, Property (Generalise to a set of properties).
Our challenge how do we find out if it always have
Define the output from the update synthesis problem.

Have a discussion on theory afterwards about what is possible in the future works?
Another possible future work - why do you have switch just once? Do multiple switches? Have an intermediate routing.

Reduction  
The pseudo code, takes the update synthesis problem tuple, that spits out the petri net game.

Peter is working on a text file that spits out a strategy in text.

Routing challenge to create a long path, with and interesting,

Work for next time:
Json input - don't need to document too much (not too interesting for the report) Can be included an appendix.
Fixing Jiri's feedback.
Reduction - finish a first draft.
Implement it and run first experiment - on a net. (Do it by hand, create the json format, automatic Json generation for later.)

MCC model checking contest - reference this for how to model petri net stuff.

## Summary:


### Next Meeting:
2020.10.30 - 10:00 - Set reminder for Jiri that to book again 2nd Thursday 2020.11.12

2020.11.05 10:00 2nd meeting booked in advance.
