# Meeting Notes

Supervisor meeting 5

**Meeting Date:** 2020.10.08 11:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

11:00:  
Jiri likes the example. Jiri thinks we need more criteria to include (Deadlock possibly).  
If a packet loop exceeded a certain number of hops it is dropped. Deadlock free - something more than deadlock free. Property to check if the packets are being delivered to the end point (Reachability property (Probably property number 1)) AF (N >= 1) (EF is a possibility)
Deadlock not so relevant if we have reachability property. SDN - Deterministic and able to detect

Add - Reachability, Deadlock is probably not necessary.
For the moment we only inject a single packet. No bound

Jiri wants us to have a round review before we submit the paper before the meeting as well.
Download a standard latex style from a conference - Standard when you have examples, you have
numbered examples like figures. IEEE standard etc.

Like waypointing - Loop l(v) holds if the routing path starting from V is infinite. Its possible to have a property where reachability is satisfied but it loops afterwards. It may be desirable to.

Wp(v, v, w) holds if
l(v) holds if

Jiri thinks there is maybe too much fluffy text that repeats the definitions.
Every sentence has to finish with a full stop, No sentence should start with a symbol.

Related works - We use the forbidden words - "We Could" sounds like we are not certain. In scientific paper we want to talk about things we can prove. More like a list of papers 1-2 lines of their contribution is.

"However our approach is different because... They use time automata and we use petri nets"

Sometimes the papers are incomparable, we don't always have to be better than other papers.

11:21:  
Petri Net Definitions  
If the inhibitor arc gets the inhibitor arc with infinity it is never.  
Simplify the definition Transition and Uncontrollable - disjoint union.


definitions order
* Marking  
* Firing  
* Game  

How do we define Game semantics

Does it satisify AG...?  
Define Strategy - it is simply is a mapping from a marking to a controllable transition. Partial

Run starts from a marking m zero, it is a series of markings.

AG - Every position on the run the phi has to hold (Predicate of AG)

Make a small remark - EG and EF can be asked in a non-game (The players cooperate)
Phi could be an atomic AF
CTL Computational Tree Logic - Maybe good for related works (until operator) Expressive logic.
## Summary:
Definition for strategy, games, reachability.

Use the running example in the reduction.

Looking into parsing, we have all the examples by hand now.


### Next Meeting:
2020.08.15 11:00
