# Meeting Notes

Group meeting 3

**Meeting Date:** 28.09.28 12:30 ~ 13:35

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk) (Absent, personal reasons)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk) (Virtually, not feeling well)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

12:34  
Stand up round - Shahab is concerned about the other groups contribution so far with the project.
Doesn't only want 2 people responsible for sending stuff to Jiri. Shahab thinks that we have enough work
for the whole group.

12:40  
Group share thoughts regarding the issue raised by Shahab.

12:41  
Shahab suggests working on updating the Trello well enough.

12:45  
Start to use Trello more as a team and ensure we update it with what we're working on.

12:50  
Discussing problematic absences.

12:55  
Which tasks were not completed - reading up on the materials. Need to understand the papers,
enough to a point where we can contribute to the project.

What tasks need to be done. For next Friday. Email Jiri for clarification on the model examples.

13:07  
Task delegation:
Frederik & Jonathan - Refine mathematical Definitions.  
Sangey & Andrei - Examples and models for the network - email Jiri for specifics.  
Martin - Will join on a task to be decided.  
Shahab - Taking a break / minor tasks.

13:15  
Jonathan wants to discuss the mini-project and if people want to work together, on the Programming paradigms mini project.

13:20  
Short break

13:28  
Continue: How to use Trello - Short presentation by Sangey how task management is done at his work.

13:35  
Jonathan gives other group members a presentation on the mathematical definitions and progress so far.

## Summary:
* Agree to use Trello more - each member is responsible for updating their task progress  
* Email Jiri for clarification on what graphical examples he would likes  
* Create the graphical examples and add them to the mathematical Definitions  
* Continue to read papers if needed

### Next Meeting:

2020.10.05 12:30 ~

Task delegation: (copied)  
Frederik & Jonathan - Refine mathematical Definitions.  
Sangey & Andrei - Examples and models for the network - email Jiri for specifics.  
Martin - Will join on a task to be decided.  
Shahab - Taking a break / minor tasks.
