# Meeting Notes

Supervisor meeting 2

**Meeting Date:** 2020.09.17 11:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk) (Virtually)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

Agenda:
1. Status
2. Purpose of the Meeting
3. Workpapers
4. Project Process
  1. Time plan and work plan
  How far are we, how well are we working according to the plan?
5. Miscellaneous
6. Evaluation
7. Next meeting

Talking points:
* Ask about focusing and narrowing down the problem
* Ask about the fundamental mathematics
* Advice on our a roadmap for how we work on this task?

11:00
Jonathan discusses the status of the project.
We have been reading the papers and understanding the problem.  

Q: Jiri asks how it was to read the paper.  
A: survey was easy enough to understand and good as an introduction
but some of the more technical ones were difficult to grasp.

Q: Jiri checks to make sure we have an understanding how for the Timed Arc Petri Net (TAPN)  
A: We have a basic understanding yes

Jiri wants us to create a definition of Petri Net games without the concept of time.  
11:05 Jiri gives us an explanation of how games would work without the concept of time.


Control: AF = On all executions. A = On every path, F = In the future at some point.  
Control: AG = On all path generally. A = On every path, F = In general at every point in time.

How do we detect that something went wrong using the game concept. the packet is the bad guy in this
case. The game can prove that a scheduled updates would violate network properties or if they hold.

11:37
Definitions: Network Graph: G=(V,E)  (also Multigraph where multiple edges between vertices)  
Routing  
r:V -> V (for a graph)  
r:V -> E (for a multigraph)  
Update:  
r0(Node) = Node'  
rf(Node) = Node''  
Update Sequences. r1, r2, r3, r4


V* is all possible update sequences. One route is an element of V*

Just focus on just waypointing for now.  
Q: Do we work and try to solve all the different properties or focus on one area?  
Jiri: We just focus on only one property for now (e.g. Waypointing).
We can extend later for other properties.

Jiri wants to hold off on making a roadmap for now, he's still getting to know us, and our level of skill so
he can appropriately set expectations for the project.

Group contract:  
Jiri might have to cancel a meeting on short notice. Which the group thinks is understandable.  
Everything else seems fine.

## Summary:
Jiri checks our understanding of petri nets and the update problem.  
Discussed how the game in TAPAAL could be to used to verify our update sequences doesn't violate
network policy at any stage of the update.  
Discussed how we go about defining the problem space (networks, routes, updates) in mathematical notation.


### Next Meeting:
2020.09.24 11:00

2 milestones  
Formally define the problem in mathematics  
Understand petri nets better and how to create.
* [Look into doing the TAPAAL exercises for next group meeting. (last one is hard)](https://download.tapaal.net/fileadmin/download/resources/tapaal-exercises.pdf)
