# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 8

**Meeting Date:** 2020.11.05 10:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

10:00  
Jiri wants to know how fast the a single query took.
Sum of the update length before and after and then the verification times.

A table for each individual property / and then conjunction for all 3 in the experimental.

Question how to define deadlock predicate
e = p n .... Predicates are of the form e compares to e or deadlock. Short sentence when does the marking satisfy deadlock.
On the same level is the transition fireable is a possible predicate - not needed.

How to make it a really strong project - finalise what we do and test.

Routing is a partial function. Its tied to the packet header so we don't need to worry if it ends up somewhere it shouldn't be, that router will just drop it.

Should run 3 types of experiments - to compare with netsynth tool
Benchmark it by comparing the same NetSync

1st  
The one in their paper with 2 disjoint paths - easy one update the lower path then switch

Take example from steffan schimdt paper - overview with many edges are shared. Scale this example, repeat the net multiple times - this is a worst case example. Jiri doesn't think Netsynth will be able to solve it.
(Best case, Worst case, Middle case) Maybe best case we dont beat netsynth, Worst case maybe we beat them, Middle case maybe we're comparable. If we are maybe publishable. :D

Maybe write a story why we don't use AF for reachability (AF is most natural but AG construction allows for conjunction)

Lightweight proof? Formal proof may be too long.
Semi formal proof - follow same strategies, reader can verify this net can only do this. We only go to basic blocks. Its finding a middle ground.

If the paper gets accepted - we may do a journal version?

Try to install the NetSynth system. We can ask Jiri's postdoc student Anders for help setting up NetSynth - some setup with ports and encoding the problem. - Runs on linux.

Multipath for Mac - 1 minute to get ubuntu.

"We wish to find" - Jiri = "no no".

In definition environment - only definitions no explanations.
Use the semantics Petri Net Game (PG) not a Petri Net with game semantics.

Give strategy as a table with the marking and then the sigma (transition).

Show all runs as a tree - maybe in a figure.

We do not distinguish between a run and set of
We want to define the set of all runs. According to strategy s.

Run is an element of Set Runs

A run Maximal runs - MaxRun sigma 0.

Clean up later definition.

Construction:
Shared places and transitions = explain what they are.
We draw by components, and if the place is the same we draw dotted lines - just write it.

If R(u) = v' or R'(u) = v' - This is to reduce the net. Draw as a figure or

Our switch - if one is not defined. We can use v

Use superscript a lot.

Split 3a. 3b. For R(u) R'(u) for normal arcs and inhibitor arcs. Don't talk about queries when we added the visited components.

Reachability - Need a lemma to prove that in both cases the return false if there is a loop because we construct our net to deadlock in the case of loops.  

p_{v}
t_{t}

Expectations for next time.  
Make unit tests for example - prove impossible situations.  
Try to do some proofs. Write a high level proof  
Synthesis problem S = (G, R, R', P) Construct Petri Net Game N(S) = (P,T, ...)  
What is the theorem we want to prove? A positive instances S has a solution which is the correct update sequence iff there exists N(S) that satisfies the Control AG phi.  

Prove from left to right and then separately from right to left.

Move from pre to post by the order given by the strategy and then we have to argue everywhere that reachability is holding.
I execute my update sequence and at any moment and the intermediate routing defines a run and we know the reachability is satisfied.

Right to left  
Suppose we have a winning strategy for player 1.

Use structured Itemised environments.  

For next time:  
Feedback fix corrections / reductions - Sangey, Jonathan, Frederik  
Set up benchmarks with NetSync and compare Examples - Martin   
Start structure for Proofs  


## Summary:

### Next Meetings:
2020.11.17 10:00
If there is a need for extra meeting inbetween we can organise one.
2020.11.26 10:00
