# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 3

**Meeting Date:** 2020.09.24 11:00 ~

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk) (Join Virtually)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk) (Self isolating, unable to join)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk) (self isolating, Joined Virtually)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

11:00
Jiri would like us to send materials a day before at 8:00 am so he has time to read
them properly.

11:01
Jonathan is updating Jiri with our status so far. We have attempted the TAPAAL exercises
and the mathematical definition.

11:02
Jiri wants to start going through the exercises first.

Elevator exercise (timed)
Use Invariants to force progress as well as time guards, this is to avoid deadlocks.

Exercise 1
Try to restrict model behaviour. To make queries simpler.

Exercise 2
He likes our models. Likes the used of the urgent transition.

Exercise 3
Liked Shahabs version, didn't look at Sangey's version
Thinks we should work on using components to decompose models more to simplify them.

11:22
Jiri asks about creating games in Tapaal. Wants to walk through an example together.
No untimed engine when doing games. To fix, add an additional place with a token and an
invariant of <= 0.

11:33
Jiri wants to go through our mathematical notations.

Definition 1:
Network N is a graph, we use both N and G, be consistent just use one.
G = (V, E) where V is finite set of __nodes__
E leq VxV is, a set of edges s.t. (v, v) does not exist for all v exists in V.

Update:


Pi is a usual way to call a path. Jiri doesn't like using p for Path.

One definition is missing.
When we have an update sequence - when is it correct?
Every routing during an update sequence should preserve the waypointing property

Update sequence - Jiri recommends to use the omega symbol (avoid confusing with letters for nodes
e.g. u, v, w)

Goal reached for this Meeting

## Summary:

### Next Meeting:
2020.10.02 11:00 ~

Goals:
Revise the definitions again and example.
Create a model to demonstrate the mathematical definitions. Simple examples

Show examples
Model as a game. - Use a AG or EF.
Controller can track these updates?
