# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 7

**Meeting Date:** 2020.10.30 10:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:
10:00
Demo the implementation

Jiri asked if it is in Java in Tapaal? - No currently just in a python script

Example of A JSON file structure (Initial Routing, and Properties)
Perfect list of edge
Waypoint - needs two 2 nodes and the Waypoint - We assume we have a sensible routing. In the paper we assume arbitrary routing.
Jiri thinks it can be any set of edges with at least one out going edge.

Reachability - start and end node. (u,v,w)

Is there a loop from v5? Routing any series of edges it doesn't necessarily have to form a path. Could be two independant paths coded in our properties / routing.

LoopFreedom(u) takes one argument from this nodes. Is there a loop from v5? Is there a loop from v7? - Need to model this in a different way.

Our implementation works.

Switches - Pe_Active, P'e_Active (rename for switches in paper)

With waypoint? If there is a loop the waypoint is unbounded so token can accumulated.

Loop freedom construction could restrict waypointing and loop freedom. If we deadlock the net we don't finish the

Suggests to alter our properties.

Add conjunction for JSON properties.
If both properties Combine AG Waypoint and LoopFreedom

We do not allow conjunction in the synthesis - We can't decompose them independently.
Strategy synthesis means we cannot ensure two separate strategies that satisfy both the AF and AG.
Modelling trick to detect reachability?

2 Waypoints (u,v,w) - Think like a game player. Environment is injecting the token, let it pick
the bad choice?

Good exercise construct a tiny net, we can't satisfy Phi1 and Phi2. If we have all AG property we can
do AG. Multiple waypointing.

We need to generalisation the JSON files to have all the parameters. Next step generate a benchmark cases
auto generate the routing. NetSync - direct competitor.

Find two disjoint paths, generalised waypoint (Either through wpnode 1 or wpnode 2).
Could have a set of nodes of (w for the waypointing). AG - Using Or operator instead of And

Two paths that share a lot of edges - higher chance that something goes wrong.

Assume the weight of every edge is one, shortest path to each other node. -
Pick the node that has the longest path, Then pick another path between these two nodes
that has a similar weight.

Take the same data as the nate paper and compare who is faster.

Proof of reduction: Not now, we have most of it done.

Task for next week:

Naming convention is correct, the JSON properties are corrected to match the paper.

The paper is almost finished. Introducton, Related works need to be extended, Proof - why our construction is correct
and our experiments, conclusion. - Start with the benchmarking and implementation at first.

Related works - find the papers which do something similar, put them in the same paragraph - maybe only 3-5 paragraphs.

Correct Update sequences.

Our update synthesis problem - is more general, the same router can be updated multiple times. We need
to be explicit we focus on Finding the sequence of routers only appears once. For every edge there at most
1 V in the sequence.

Be concrete on examples. Definition Petri net games 16, 17 - both are too complicated.
Defines numerous things in 1 thing not good. Separate them out.
Examples for winning strategy to explain how it works.


## Summary:
A lot of stuff to do.


### Next Meetings:
2020.11.05 - 10:00
2020.11.17 - 10:00 (postpone exercises)
