# Meeting Notes

2020.09.10 11:00 - 12:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

* Introductions
  * Round of introductions Jiri, gets to know our educational background and strengths
  * Jiri is happy with our mix of background - was afraid we may have no programmers in the group


* Introduced the Project
  * Scalability Aspect - With topologies consisting of 5-6 we can explore all of them. But there is a
scaling ceiling where the number of nodes expand and then memory limitations come into play.
  * Security aspects - what does it mean to be safe. Firewall is one example, all packets must go
through the firewall. Automatic rerouting rules meant that confidential files were being leaked.
There are a list of properties than Jiri has, e.g. service chaining - we must visit nodes in a certain
order. Hardcoded logic vs develop a generic logic where we can describe the network rules.
Create our own semantic for building network and creating custom rules.
  * Usability - TAPAAL tool, try to make the tool usable to engineers. GUI is written in Java
Would be nice to make the query language incorporate into the existing TAPALL tool GUI.
  * Option to have a focus on all 3, Jiri thinks we can deep dive into all 3 aspects if we want to


* Discussed the report Format
  * Write a scientific paper vs a traditional one. 15 pages. We want to be precise
and concise as possible. - Jiri recommendation.
  * Key skills, precisely identify the key points.
  * Jiri has free video tutorial we he can share with us on how to write a scientific
/ technical papers. (If we cannot find, mail Jiri and he will send it to us)
  * Expect to write a lot of math - define the problem as a mathematical graph problem
  * Describe what a petri net tool is and translate the math to the petri net semantics.
  * Possible to prove formally that the translation is correct - Formal proof (the model
check solves the problem you have)
  * Start with the definitions - what is the problem, what is the model?
  * There is not a main focus on the code. - Don't talk about methodology of how we produced
the code (nothing on unit test or clean code practiced)
  * Implementation is basically a paragraph - It was written in x, it was run on a Computer
with these specifications etc.


* Should we reach out to a real company
  * Internet topology zoo is a tool we can use. 200 - 300 real network topologies. - In
JSON format. - Key in testing if the network will scale. Test our solution against them.
[link](http://www.topology-zoo.org/)
  * Cactus plots, take all solutions and sort by the time taken to solve them.
  * Linear time for solutions vs Exponential growth.
  * Computer cluster - we can request access to a computer cluster with 9 nodes each with 64
cores.


* Intro papers
  * Jiri suggests two types of papers
    * Survey paper - not technical but very broad, no petri net topics yet.
    * Technical paper - by Nate Foster by using one of the best tools for this kind of thing
    gives us a head up of the pitfalls. We could have packets travelling in the network while
    we change the routes. Wait a little bit to flush all the packets that are currently circulating
    in the network. DFS and enumerate all of them. Tricks to skip the useless permutations.
    * General introductory paper into the petri net. Skip the techniques and focus on
    what is the model and how to do to modelling.
    * AAU's own paper on TAPAAL - a bit difficult to read but take a look.
    *Games - Player one and player two will have transitions available and the environment
    will have a transitions. (wasn't able to transcribe this section well) Not part of the official release yet.
    to us to take a look.
  * Google scholar - use citations from the papers we are sent to do extended
  reading.


* Contract Review
  * Full review - postponed to the next meeting.
  * Quick skim over the supervisor related parts.
  * Establish a set day where we would meet and follow up on the project. (Send Jiri
  suggested days which would work for us)


* Work papers discussions
  * Jiri suggests holding off the planning, set some goals we wish to achieve by the end of
  the semester - Goals for minimum requirements.


* Project process - Jiri suggestions
  * First week read and get knowledge
  * Work manually to check the modelling
  * Work to automate the model checking
  * Rest of the semester spent on optimisation and focus on these other problems
  (Scalability, Security, Usability)

* Evaluation
  * Has the purpose of the meeting been met?
  * Group and Supervisor seem happy with each other.


## Decisions Made / Tasks for next Meeting:
Jiri will send us:
  * Intro papers
  * TAPAAL GUI with Games
  * How to write a scientific papers


Our Tasks:
* Read the papers sent to us by Jiri
* Begin to play around with TAPAAL and try modelling networks
* Confirm meeting with Jiri with next agenda and questions

Reading Links: (Sent by Jiri)
* [Survey article on network updates:](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjfiZmgmd7rAhWR2KQKHTdLD8sQFjABegQIBBAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.bgu.ac.il%2F~frankel%2FStefan-Schmid%2Fsurvey-network-update-sdn.pdf&usg=AOvVaw1djlHN_kGDIEddrDwJ3O1p)
* [Good example explaining the update problem and in particular look at the “wait” command:](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjfiZmgmd7rAhWR2KQKHTdLD8sQFjACegQIBhAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.cornell.edu%2F~jnfoster%2Fpapers%2Ffrenetic-update-synthesis-pldi15.pdf&usg=AOvVaw2omXECwzoS6JDwlxrC_JC9)
* [Petri nets intro (focus on modelling and examples):](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=24143)
* [Petri net games with time (take a look and I can explain more next time):](http://www.cs.aau.dk/~srba/files/JLS:SPIN:16.pdf)
* [TAPAAL GUI with games:](https://code.launchpad.net/~tapaal-developers/tapaal/trunk)
* [TAPAAL game engine:](https://code.launchpad.net/~verifydtapn-contributers/verifydtapn/trunk) (In GUI Tool/Engine Selection point for verifydtapn to this binary after you compile it)
* [Link to information on Moodle about what is a scientific paper, its structure, tips for technical writing etc:](https://www.moodle.aau.dk/course/view.php?id=36374&section=9)
* [Maybe this paper is also worth to look at:](https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi15/technical-sessions/presentation/zhou)

### Next Meeting:
2020.09.17 11:00 - 12:00
