# Meeting Notes

Group meeting 1

**Meeting Date:** 2020.09.14 - 9:00 ~ 10:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk) - Working
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk) - Sick, joined remotely.

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

Reflections:
1. Last weeks goal?
2. Absence
3. Tasks not completed
  * All tasks completed

Current week
1. Goals
2. Task delegation
3. What needs to be ready

9:15  
Stand-up meeting round, Shahab joined meeting virtually.

Generally group is pleased that we have Jiri as a supervisor, as he seems to
know his stuff and that he seems good to work with.  
Shahab is concerned that he hasn't written a technical paper before.

9:20  
Absence - Jonathan raised the point on being late.  
Try not to be, respect each others time.

9:30  
Jonathan - suggestion for a goal, read the introductory paper and write a Work
paper explaining our understanding of the problem.  
Shahab - suggests to split a work paper to each pair.
* one for update synthesis
* one for petri nets
* one for TAPAAL - getting started

Shahab - created a task to read and understand all the papers sent by Jiri.
And backlog tasks to create work papers.

9:35  
Task delegation  
Jonathan and Shahab on the update synthesis paper  
Frederik and Martin on the Petri nets  
Sangey and Andrei on TAPAAL - Getting started

9:42  
Discussing the agenda for our next Jiri meeting.  
Not enough time to complete work papers with course schedule.  
Just create some questions to bring to Jiri regarding the papers.  

9:46  
Discussion of setting milestones?  
Hard to discuss milestones before we have the necessary understanding.  
First milestone gets up to speed regarding the problem.  

9:48  
What needs to be ready:
Our understanding needs to be at an appropriate level before Thursday.

9:55  
Set calendar plans for the week. Finalise notes.

10:00  
Meeting finished, pairs split up to do individual reading.

## Summary

For next week:
1. Goals:
  * Read and understand the papers sent to us by Jiri
  * Write work papers
2. Task Delegation:
  * Jonathan and Shahab - update synthesis
  * Martin and Frederik - Petri nets
  * Sangey and Andrei - TAPAAL - getting to know it
3. What needs to be ready
  * Understanding and questions for Jiri for 2020.09.17 Meeting
  * Work papers for next group meeting

### Next Meeting:
2020.09.21 8:30 ~
