# Meeting Notes

Supervisor Meeting 4

**Meeting Date:** 2020.10.02 - 11:00

## Participants
**Group Members**
* [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)
* [Andrei Katona](mailto:akaton20@student.aau.dk)
* [Federik Brunø Lottrup](mailto:fbruna17@student.aau.dk)
* [Jonathan Fjord Jonler](mailto:jjanle17@student.aau.dk)
* [Martin Didriksen](mailto:mdidri15@student.aau.dk) (absent)
* [Shahab Shajarat](mailto:sshaja17@student.aau.dk)

**Supervisor:** [Jiri Srba](mailto:srba@cs.aau.dk)

**Minute Keeper:** [Sangey Lama](mailto:slama20@student.aau.dk)

## Minutes:

Agenda:
* Where do we go next? Milestones?
* Feedback on the work papers / direction.
* Project progress

11:00:  
Where do we go next?  
Jiri has a long list of things to do.  
Write related work - what else has been done on update synthesis - Stefan's overview paper will be helpful.  
To state the novelty of our paper - in our case games.

Jiri wants use to work on the Game model for the Intro example.  
Solve intro example using the tool.

Assume that we just switch once. Later we could extend.

11:10:  
The difference between the other is that they have a hardcoded update sequence and they tried to optimised the delay.
- We should discuss this in our paper. In a concrete scenario they knew how long the delays between updates would take, the optimiser would find the minimum delay time to safely update (flush the packets in the network).  
We do synthesis, they deal with time we don't deal with time.  
Another petri net update synthesis ltl logic - They don't do synthesis at all they minimise the timing. (Cite the paper not the thesis)  
Our project is fine the problem domain is very different (mostly petri net games and update synthesis).

1st code a parser - take the topology GML / Json formats from the internet zoo and parse it to a .tapn file.

2nd Define what is petri net and petri net game the semantics, what does AF, AG mean,
write pseduo code that will generate a petri net from a topology. Only show the pseudo code for the places / arcs etc (not fine detail on the parsing)

Make an example that we can't update. Think about loop freedom. Combine waypoint and loop freedom. Keep 1 and 2 tokens, once there.

11:34:  
Discuss comments on workpaper. (don't use bold font E or V in mathematical notation)  
Update sequence - not quite there yet.  Definition 6 define R for Omega for arbitrary Omega(Omega is a sequence for edges). No curly bracket it doesn't have any meaning.

A sequence is correct if Omega satisfies an example.

11:38:  
A running example - means insert the examples in between the definition (split them up interleave them) Red and black not a good idea. (use a thicker line with dashes, good for colour blind people and if the paper is black and white).  
Table goes into too much detail for expected for 1st semester not the 7th. (Prevent the paper from exploding, needs a trim).

Writing target audience is scientists who know this stuff.
Watch the video on style for how properly write an academic paper.

Write the petri net & games =
Try to model and check loop freedom - think of an example where its impossible to preserve loop freedom and way-pointing.
Prepare the autogenerating the net with a parser. Look into the GML format - how to write to an xml format.

Prove correctness
Update synthesis exists an update that satisfies the wp property iff (if and only if) PN satisfies AG......

Tool does not give you the update sequence. Maybe look into exporting the

What is a marking - it is a function. Less text more definition forms like from the Update synthesis definitions. Game two types of transitions, T1, T2, reachability property.

Try writing the reduction a little bit - writing the pseduo code describing how to manual create the net from the graphs.
Recommend reading the notes on the style - Jiri is quite adamant about this.



## Summary:



### Next Meeting:

2020.10.08 - 11:00
